the song broadcasts the network headline and into the body for eight seconds
who has the bradesco
of these pv
Who has the bradesco?
has more white
big on abortions big on quality drops 0 big one and beer votorantim
a Brazilian conquest
fiuk hitachi and all the excitement of the world in your hands
credicard mastercard
the official 90 franc franchise card
the price of black gold
with the ball to the heart
joel santana
cacá carvalho
al
falcon spoke together with zagallo
Brazilian Party
all this for brazil lucero to sweden is what was missing for
disenchantment and feel from close and southeastern
White James
the selective process
ronaldo yesterday
three children from the second half
according to the statement
not good
Can you beat my former coach?
in that day
now our goal is to take some money
she was going to leave and açaí left some time after the entrance of the area
I arrived to remember that Brazil has
the boyfriend
alone to head near the beam
with ten players
the shipment
the mayor
we will say nothing
and now Jose
the death great emotion for great quality means the command
of beer
the future said
a Brazilian conquest
if what transited the emotion of the world in your hands
credicard mastercard
the official 90 cup card